
Why do you switch your tail like that?
Why do your eyes flash gold and green?
Could be--must be--Halloween!Slinky, inky, blinky cat,
Why do you arch your back like that?
What scary creatures have you seen?
Could be--must be- Halloween!The night is dark
and the goblins are out,
and the witches and black cats
are prowling about.And costumed creatures
the strangest I've seen,
are knocking on doors
'cause tonight's Halloween!Since this is the time for goblins and bats,
Halloween spirits, ghosts and cats,
Weird-happenings and witches brew,
These are the things I wish for you.May the only spirit you chance to meet,
Be the spirit of love and warm friends sweet.
May the tricks that you are asked to do,
Be a trick to help you gain a friend or two.So, by tomorrow, pick three friends sweet,
And give them all a Halloween treat.
You only have one day, so hurry!
Leave a treat on the doorstep, then flee in a hurry!
I'm not afraid on Halloween
Because my Mother said
I should not fear those funny things
But laugh at them instead.For orange faces in the night
That stare with eyes so wide,
Are only pumpkins on a porch
With candlelight inside.And there are no such things as ghosts . . .
Those figures shining white,
Are only children just like me
Wrapped up in sheets so tight.I do not fear a single thing
On Halloween you see,
Because I know they really are
Not what they seem to be.For ghosts and goblins, witches, spooks,
And other scary folks
We hear about on Halloween
Are really only jokes.
Tonight is the night
When dead leaves fly
Like witches on switches
Across the sky,
When elf and sprite
Flit through the night
On a moony sheen.Tonight is the night
When leaves make a sound
Like a gnome in his home
Under the ground,
When spooks and trolls
Creep out of holes
Mossy and green.Tonight is the night
When pumpkins stare
Through sheaves and leaves
Everywhere,
When ghoul and ghost
And goblin host
Dance round their queen.
It's Halloween.(or A Halloween Good Night)Each night I tuck you into bed
I brush my hand across your head
and in each tiny little fist
I place a magic mommy kiss.Full of love and hope so bright
To keep you safely through the night,
Mommy kisses in your hand
To guide you off to slumberland.If you should dream of monsters mean
Or witches with faces masked in green,
Of snakes that squeeze you oh-so-tight
Or darkness with no sign of light..When nightmares hold you stiff with fear
A part of mommy still is near.
Just open up your hand and blow
One mommy kiss and nightmares go.B is for broomsticks witches to fly,
O is outrageous spooks that go by,
O is for orange pumpkins so bright,
These are the signs of a Halloween night.Trick or Treat! Trick or Treat!
Give me something good to eat.
Give me candy. Give me cake.
Give me something good to take.
The skeletons are out tonight,
they march about the street,
With bony bodies, bony heads
and bony hands and feet.
Bony bony bony bones
with nothing in between,
Up and down and all around
they march on Halloween.We mask our faces
and wear strange hats,
and moan like witches
and screech like cats,
and jump like goblins
and thump like elves,
and almost manage
to scare ourselves!
Oh Boy! Oh Boy!
It's Halloween Night . . .
My, oh my . . .
What an interesting sight!
It's glowing . . . it's gleaming . . .
I think I'm in fright!
It's howling . . . it's leaping . . .
Come share my delight!It's late and we are sleepy,
The air is cold and still.
Our jack-o-lantern grins at us
Upon the window sill.
We're stuffed with cake and candy
And we've had a lot of fun,
But now it's time to go to bed
And dream of all we've done.
We'll dream of ghosts and goblins
And of witches that we've seen,
And we'll dream of trick-or-treating
On this happy Halloween.
If you've never seen an old witch
Riding through the sky--
Or never felt big bat's wings
Flopping, as they fly--If you've never touched a white thing
Gliding through the air,
And knew it was a ghost because
You got a dreadful scare--If you've never heard the night owls,
Crying, "Whoo-whoo-whoo?"
And never jumped at pumpkin eyes
Gleaming out at you--If all of these exciting things
You've never heard or seen,
Why then--you've missed a lot of fun,
Because--that's HALLOWEEN!
Goblins on the doorstep,
Phantoms in the air,
Owls on witches' gate posts,
Giving stare for stare.Cats on flying broomsticks,
Bats against the moon,
Stirring round of fate-cakes,
With a solemn spoon.Whirling apple parings,
Figures draped in sheets,
Dodging, disappearing,
Up and down the streets.Jack-o'-lanterns grinning,
Shadows on a screen,
Shrieks and starts and laughter--
This is Halloween!
Something's watching you this Halloween
Someone's watching you this Halloween.
Late at night don't cut across the park
Someone could be waiting in the dark.Don't go knocking on doors this Halloween.
If you knock on doors this Halloween
Scaring strangers in your creepy masks
Your trick or treating games may be your last.Get a fright on Halloween
On this night of Halloween
Anything will make you scream
On this night of Halloween.Don't go out alone this Halloween
Walk around alone this Halloween.
Turn around and you may get a fright
Something evils lurking in the night.Don't go watching films like Halloween.
If you watch a film like Halloween
It could scare you out of your wits
Then haunt you on this night of the witch.
Bats are creepy
Rats are creepy
Cats are creepy too
All out in the dead of night
Their eyes are watching you.Birds are creepy
Bugs are creepy
Trees are creepy too
A wood that's empty's also creepy
With owls that t'wit t'woo.Thunders creepy
Lightnings creepy
Wind is creepy too
The loneliness of outer space
would put the creeps in you.Fog is creepy
Mist is creepy
The moors are creepy too
Not knowing what is out there
Can really frighten you.Dolls are creepy
Masks are creepy
Clowns are creepy too
I'm sure you've got a hidden fear
that puts the creeps up you.The first year she was a pumpkin
and she donned a bright orange smock.
Her daddy took her trick-or-treating,
though she had not learned to walk.The next year she was a bunny
and on one leg, she would hop
while her left ear stood up straight
and the right would swing and flop.Then a bride costume from Grandpa;
a long skirt and lacy blouse,
but she tripped over the train . . .
so daddy carried her to each house.The fourth year brought us Lion King
and she roared both day and night.
She was either "Simba" or was "Nala."
(I never could get that right!)The next Halloween as she got dressed,
she just kept on asking why--
if she was indeed "Supergirl,"
why then could she not fly?Her sixth year, she was all in pink
protecting us all from danger,
as she kicked and "karate-chopped" the air
as "Kimberly, the Power Ranger."When she was seven, she wore a yellow gown.
She was "Beauty," to say the least,
insisting that her little sister,
by default, was the "Beast."In my heart I knew the time would come;
and this year our walk together ends.
She said, "it's not cool for mom to go;
I want to walk with all my friends."So, I'm figuring out what I will say;
rehearsing one excuse after another,
in case she notices the "ghost" behind her
walks a little bit like her mother!And I still have Halloweens to come;
my other daughter is only three.
What worries me is . . . when she grows up,
who will trick or treat with me?There was an old witch
Believe it if you can,
She tapped on the windows
And she ran, ran, ran.
she ran helter skelter with her toes in the air,
Cornstalks flying from the old witches' hair.Swish goes the broomstick, meow goes the cat,
Plop goes the hop-toad sitting on her hat.
"Whee,"chuckled I, "What fun, what fun!"
Hallowe'en night when the witches run!
Yet children in costumes still playfully trot
From house to house and block to block
Not fearing the spirits, translucent in flight
Or the "ghoulies and ghosties," which glow in the night.
The children don't run - They've no reason to hide
They anxiously knock and await what's inside
They know that their bounty will be a real treat
As they watch their bags fill up with candy and sweets.
Don't go out on Devil's Night.
Stay in your bed and keep on the light.
Little demons and ghouls have their fun all right,
outside on the streets this Devil's Night.You don't want to know
what mischief they cause.
On Halloween Eve they run without pause,
flying and laughing, and breaking the laws,
you really don't want to see the mischief they've caused.Please heed my words, stay under the covers,
and tell your friends and your sisters,
and of course your brothers.
Stay in bed, don't even peek through the shutters,
'cause a goblin or ghost may spook you to stutters.Just wait until daybreak on Halloween Day,
when you know all the ghouls and ghosts are away.
They hate the daylight, "it's no fun," they say.
So just please, please wait
to Trick or Treat on Halloween Day.There's a house upon the hilltop
we will not go inside,
For that is where the witches live,
Where ghosts and goblins hide.Tonight they have their party,
All the lights are burning bright,
But oh we will not go inside
The haunted house tonight.The demons there are whirling
and the spirits swirl about.
They sing their songs to Halloween.
"Come join the fun," they shout.But we do not want to go there,
so we run with all our might
And oh we will not go inside
The haunted house tonight.
It's Halloween! It's Halloween!
The moon is full and bright
And we shall see what can't be seen
On any other night.Skeletons and ghosts and ghouls,
Grinning goblins fighting duels,
Werewolves rising from their tombs,
Witches on their magic brooms.In masks and gowns
we haunt the street
And knock on doors
for trick or treat.Tonight we are the king and queen,
For oh tonight it's Halloween!Three little ghosts on Halloween night
Saw a witch and shrieked in fright
The witch just laughed and shouted, "Boo!"
One ghost ran home and then there were two.
Two little ghosts who shiver and shook
With every single step they took.
When the door opened wide
One little ghost said to the other...
I'm going home and stay with my mother.
One little ghost can't have much fun,
so he ran home, and then there were none.There's a goblin as green
    as a goblin can be.
Who is sitting outside
    and is waiting for me.
When he knocked on my door
    and said softly, "Come play!"
I answered,"No thank you,
    now please,go away!"
But the goblin as green
    as a goblin can be.
Is still sitting outside
    and is waiting for me.One little, two little, three little witches
Fly over haystacks and fly over ditches
Fly over moonbeams without any hitches
Hey, it's Halloween night.One little, two little, three little witches
Fly over barb wire and tore their britches
Had to go home and get some stitches
Hey, it's Halloween night.When the world is wrapped in slumber
And the moon is sailing high
If you peep between the curtains
You'll see witches riding by.The clock is striking midnight
The witch her spell has cast
All fairies, ghosts and goblins
Will be conjured from the pastFive batty bats
Were hanging 'neath the moon."Quiet!" said the first.
"The witch is coming soon.""She's green," said the second,
"With a purple pointy nose.""Black boots," said the third,
"Cover up her ugly toes.""Her broom," said the fourth,
"Can scratch you--that I know!""I'm scared," said the fifth.
"I think we'd better go."Five batty bats
Escaped into the night."Dear me," said the witch.
"That's a scary sight!"
Double, double toil and trouble;
Fire burn and caldron bubble.
Fillet of a fenny snake,
In the caldron boil and bake;
Eye of newt and toe of frog,
Wool of bat and tongue of dog,
Adder's fork and bling-worms sting,
Lizard's leg and howlet's wing,
For a charm of powerful trouble,
Like a hell-broth boil and bubble.
Double, double toil and trouble;
Fire burn and caldron bubble.
Cool it with a baboon's blood,
Then the charm is firm and good.
Pumpkins are a curious thing,
They don't dance and they don't sing.
They don't have hair, they don't meow,
They don't look much like a cow.
They just sit around all day,
Out in the fields among the hay,
Sometimes they gather by the stable,
Sometimes they end up on the kitchen table.
But what brings a pumpkin to full life,
Is a guided hand with a carving knife.Jack-o-lantern pumpkin head
He is a fearful sight.
If I were you, I'd be afraid
To meet him in the night.By day he is a pumpkin,
But just you wait 'til night.
When out of eyes and nose and mouth
There shines a yellow light.Five little pumpkins sitting on a gate
The first one said, "Oh my, it's getting late"
The second one said, "There are witches in the air"
The third one said,"But we don't care!"
The fourth one said, "Let's run and run and run"
The fifth one said, "I'm ready for some fun!"
Wooooo, went the wind
And out went the light
And the five little pumpkins rolled out of sight!
We bought a fat orange pumpkin,
The plumpest sort they sell.
We neatly scooped the inside out
and only left the shell.
We carved a funny funny-face
of silly shape and size,
A pointy nose, a jagged mouth
And two enormous eyes.
We set it in a window
and we put a candle in,
Then lit it up
for all to see
Our jack-o-lantern grin.I am bobbing for an apple,
A shiny red apple,
I am bobbing for an apple,
But no apple can I get.I cannot get an apple,
Not one single apple
My sister got an apple,
But all I got was wet!


It's time for Halloween,
A day for trick or treat,
When the kids dress up in costume,
And walk proudly down the street.They ring alot of door bells,
And collect alot of candy too,
And if they happen to see a ghost,
They will be greated with a boo.Pumpkins light up the windows,
And decorations adorn the front yard,
So be careful when you come in,
Because the skeleton will be on guard.So go have alot of fun,
And don't have any fear,
Because it will soon be over,
And you'll have to wait till next year.
It's Halloween! It's Halloween!
The moon is full and bright
And we shall see what can't be seen
On any other night.Skeletons and ghosts and ghouls,
Grinning goblins fighting duels,
Werewolves rising from their tombs,
Witches on their magic brooms.In masks and gowns
we haunt the street
And knock on doors
for trick or treat.Tonight we are the king and queen,
For oh tonight it's Halloween!

It's late and we are sleepy,
The air is cold and still.
Our jack-o-lantern grins at us
Upon the window sill.
We're stuffed with cake and candy
And we've had a lot of fun,
But now it's time to go to bed
And dream of all we've done.
We'll dream of ghosts and goblins
And of witches that we've seen,
And we'll dream of trick-or-treating
On this happy Halloween.



Witch and warlock all abroad
Revels keep by field and yard.
In the firelight of the farm
Boy and maiden one by one
Place their chestnuts in the grate
And for omens quietly wait;
To a string their apples tie,
Twirl them till they fallen lie;
Those whose fruits fall in a hurry,
They shall be the first to marry.
Witch and warlock all abroad
Revels keep by field and yard.
Apples from the beam hang down
To be caught by mouth alone,
Mugs of ale on Nut-Crack Night
And many a tale of ghost and sprite,
Come to cheer and chill the heart,
While the candles faint and start,
While the flickering firelight paints
Pictures of the hallowed saints.
Witch and warlock all abroad
Revels keep by field and yard.
Dressed up little creatures
on a dark October night
run from door to door
giving everyone a fright.They come and ring your doorbell
and before they will retreat,
they beg you for some candy
by yelling "trick or treat".When their bags are full,
they run home to eat their fill.
They taste a bit of everything
and by morning they are ill!So to keep the youngsters healthy,
I've figured out a deal.
This year instead of candy,
I'll give them all oatmeal!
Since this is the time for goblins and bats,
Halloween spirits, ghosts and cats,
Weird-happenings and witches brew,
These are the things I wish for you.May the only spirit you chance to meet,
Be the spirit of love and warm friends sweet.
May the tricks that you are asked to do,
Be a trick to help you gain a friend or two.So, by tomorrow, pick three friends sweet,
And give them all a Halloween treat.
You only have one day, so hurry!
Leave a treat on the doorstep, then flee in a hurry!
foot tall Frankensteins,
Ghosts hanging from the trees,
Every time I see it I drop to my knees.
Mist comes out
and lights flash about,
Kids line up waiting to get in.
Enter at your own risk,
But you will never winOne at a time they dare to enter,
Quickly running out to the center.
I start laughing at all the dares,
And now I wonder who is really in there.
She comes by night, in fearsome flight,
In garments black as pitch,
the queen of doom upon her broom,
the wild and wicked witch,a crackling crone with brittle bones
and dessicated limbs,
two evil eyes with warts and sties
and bags about the rims,a dangling nose, ten twisted toes
and fold of shriveled skin,
cracked and chipped and crackled lips
that frame a toothless grin.She hurtles by, she sweeps the sky
and hurls a piercing screech.
As she swoops past, a spell is cast
on all her curses reach.Take care to hide when the wild witch rides
to shriek her evil spell.
What she may do with a word or two
is much too grim to tell.
Bubble, blubber, squirm and gloop,
Boiling broth of bat's tail soup.
Wobble, slobber, liquid goo,
Add the sole of one old shoe.
Spooky shadows dance around,
Of frogs and rats and snarling hounds.
Steam swirls rising to the roof,
Add one small ear and one old tooth.
Gnarly, scratchy, tickle and itch,
Stir round and round to make it rich.
Mushy, sticky, sizzle and stew,
They're making mischief just for you




If you've never seen an old witch
Riding through the sky--
Or never felt big bat's wings
Flopping, as they fly--If you've never touched a white thing
Gliding through the air,
And knew it was a ghost because
You got a dreadful scare--If you've never heard the night owls,
Crying, "Whoo-whoo-whoo?"
And never jumped at pumpkin eyes
Gleaming out at you--If all of these exciting things
You've never heard or seen,
Why then--you've missed a lot of fun,
Because--that's HALLOWEEN!



Is it a ghost I hear
Down the basement stairs,
Creaking, rapping,
Hooting everywhere?
It could be the washing machine
In need of repair,
But is it really
A ghost down there?Is it a ghost I see,
Crawling up my bedroom wall?
Its body, with thin, bony fingers,
Must be over ten feet tall!
It could be tree branches
Bending in the wind,
But you can't fool me,
The ghost is back again!Ghosts must enjoy
A devious lark
Because they save their scary havoc
Until it is dark;
Have they nothing better to do
Than haunt my house?
It's getting too frightening
For man or mouse!
I was runnin' down the street
Cause something was grabbin' at my feet.
I said I needed something to eat.
So I went to Micky-D's and I saw a giant
flea and I threw my double cheese.
I got up on my feet and it was way worse than flea.
It was crazy zombies.
The skeletons are out tonight,
they march about the street,
With bony bodies, bony heads
and bony hands and feet.
Bony bony bony bones
with nothing in between,
Up and down and all around
they march on Halloween.
When by thy scorn, O murd’ress, I am dead 
And that thou think’st thee free 
From all solicitation from me, 
Then shall my ghost come to thy bed, 
And thee, feign’d vestal, in worse arms shall see; 
Then thy sick taper will begin to wink, 
And he, whose thou art then, being tir’d before, 
Will, if thou stir, or pinch to wake him, think 
Thou call’st for more, 
And in false sleep will from thee shrink; 
And then, poor aspen wretch, neglected thou 
Bath’d in a cold quicksilver sweat wilt lie 
A verier ghost than I. 
What I will say, I will not tell thee now, 
Lest that preserve thee; and since my love is spent, 
I’had rather thou shouldst painfully repent, 
Than by my threat’nings rest still innocent.

Thy soul shall find itself alone
'Mid dark thoughts of the grey tomb-stone;
Not one, of all the crowd, to pry
Into thine hour of secrecy.

Be silent in that solitude,
Which is not loneliness — for then
The spirits of the dead, who stood
In life before thee, are again
In death around thee, and their will
Shall overshadow thee; be still.

The night, though clear, shall frown,
And the stars shall not look down
From their high thrones in the Heaven
With light like hope to mortals given,
But their red orbs, without beam,
To thy weariness shall seem
As a burning and a fever
Which would cling to thee for ever.

Now are thoughts thou shalt not banish,
Now are visions ne’er to vanish;
From thy spirit shall they pass
No more, like dew-drop from the grass.

The breeze, the breath of God, is still,
And the mist upon the hill
Shadowy, shadowy, yet unbroken,
Is a symbol and a token.
How it hangs upon the trees,
A mystery of mysteries! 
"I am come—I am come! once again from the tomb, 
In return for the ring which you gave; 
That I am thine, and that thou art mine, 
This nuptial pledge receive."

He lay like a corse 'neath the Demon’s force, 
And she wrapp’d him in a shround;
And she fixed her teeth his heart beneath, 
And she drank of the warm life-blood!

And ever and anon murmur'd the lips of stone,
"Soft and warm is this couch of thine, 
Thou’lt to-morrow be laid on a colder bed—
Albert! that bed will be mine!" 
A lily in a twilight place?
A moonflow’r in the lonely night?—
Strange beauty of a woman’s face
Of wildflow’r-white!

The rain that hangs a star’s green ray
Slim on a leaf-point’s restlessness,
Is not so glimmering green and gray
As was her dress.

I drew her dark hair from her eyes,
And in their deeps beheld a while
Such shadowy moonlight as the skies
Of Hell may smile.

She held her mouth up redly wan,
And burning cold,—I bent and kissed
Such rosy snow as some wild dawn
Makes of a mist.

God shall not take from me that hour,
When round my neck her white arms clung!
When 'neath my lips, like some fierce flower,
Her white throat swung!

Or words she murmured while she leaned!
Witch-words, she holds me softly by,—
The spell that binds me to a fiend
Until I die.

. . . Unquenched, unquenchable,
Around, within, thy heart shall dwell;
Nor ear can hear nor tongue can tell
The tortures of that inward hell!
But first, on earth as vampire sent,
Thy corse shall from its tomb be rent:
Then ghastly haunt thy native place,
And suck the blood of all thy race;
There from thy daughter, sister, wife,
At midnight drain the stream of life;
Yet loathe the banquet which perforce
Must feed thy livid living corse:
Thy victims ere they yet expire
Shall know the demon for their sire,
As cursing thee, thou cursing them,
Thy flowers are withered on the stem.
But one that for thy crime must fall,
The youngest, most beloved of all,
Shall bless thee with a father’s name —
That word shall wrap thy heart in flame!
Yet must thou end thy task, and mark
Her cheek’s last tinge, her eye’s last spark,
And the last glassy glance must view
Which freezes o’er its lifeless blue;
Then with unhallowed hand shalt tear
The tresses of her yellow hair,
Of which in life a lock when shorn
Affection’s fondest pledge was worn,
But now is borne away by thee,
Memorial of thine agony!


Green cats eyes
in midnight gloom
fly with the witch 
on her ragged broom
Ghosts and shadow people
evade our sight. 
None may not see what they might.
We begin our door to door Halloween flight. 
Not knowing our immediate blight 
we bravely approach your door and RING
TRICK OR TREAT!! We say with a strong and mighty grin. 
Candy and little toys we hope to gain 
from this daring plan imagined in these little brains.
BOOOOO!! We are greeted as a scary hand 
extends to our goodie sacks. 
The lights go black, we stagger back!!
Screams explode, others jump!! 
Dogs howl and unfriendly things give us a bump.
Its Halloween! The voice screams as 
we dump out our goodie sacks and run.



So keep the goodies and
BOOOOOOOOO! To you!

ON HALLOWEEN

The witches fly

Across the sky,

The owls go, "Who? Who? Who?"

The black cats yowl

And green ghosts howl,

"Scary Halloween to you!"


A bald-headed ghost

Drank some witches' brew

And on top of his head

A strange thing grew.

It was pointed and tall

And black as a bat

With stringy long hair

Where his head was flat.

The sad little ghost

Didn't want any hair

Or a black pointed hat

So he said, "Witch beware!"

Then he chanted some words

With a spell-casting switch

And gave Halloween Night

A bald-headed witch!!



Bushes quiver

where shadows lean,

and not a sliver

of moon is seen.

Near the river

some goblins (green)

with a witch in front

and a ghost in between

Make me sh..i..vvvver,

but I am keen

about the shivers

of Halloween.




IT'S HALLOWEEN

It's Halloween!  It's Halloween!

The moon is full and bright

And we shall see what can't be seen

On any other night.

Skeletons and ghosts and ghouls,

Grinning goblins fighting duels,

Werewolves rising from their tombs,

Witches on their magic brooms.

In masks and gowns

we haunt the street

And knock on doors

for trick or treat.

Tonight we are

the king and queen,

For oh tonight

it's Halloween!


Halloween is creepy full of scary sounds.

Kids are roaming in the night with their costumes on.

The moon is full high in the air,

gleaming bright everywhere.

Trample trample pat pat pat,

while everyone goes through the night.

Bags are full of candy,

for the sweet tooth kids to eat.

It is now getting late as the moon rises higher.

Rubbing there eyes fast asleep,


On a spooky Halloween night,

When Goblins and witches come out to fight,

When children go out to say "Trick or Treat",

When goblins and witches and people meet.

Around the town loud noises roar, 

And when you hear the sound, 

"Knocking" at your door. 

Should you open it?

Should you be scared?

Trick or Treaters are everywhere!

But don't you worry,

And don't you fright,

Its only one day, 

One evening,

Its Halloween Night!




Don't go out on Devil's Night.

Stay in your bed and keep on the light.

Little demons and ghouls have their fun all right,

outside on the streets this Devil's Night.



You don't want to know what mischief they cause.

On Halloween Eve they run without pause,

flying and laughing, and breaking the laws,

you really don't want to see the mischief they've caused.



Please heed my words, stay under the covers,

and tell your friends and your sisters, and of course your brothers.

Stay in bed, don't even peek through the shutters,

'cause a goblin or ghost may spook you to stutters.



Just wait until daybreak on Halloween Day,

when you know all the ghouls and ghosts are away.

They hate the daylight, "it's no fun," they say.

So just please, please wait to Trick or Treat on Halloween Day.


This is a tale of poor old Frank --

Frank the monster, not Tom, Rich, or Hank.

He was created by a scientist in a great house.

A house on a mountain, much too big for a mouse.

There in the basement, the docter toiled night and day,

with the help of his friend Igor, who had little to say.

Finally when all was assembled like a bike,

a bolt of lightning gave dear Frank his new life.

He sat up from the table where he laid for months,

scratched his square head, and said "I'm ready for lunch!"

He crashed through the door, and went into town,

where he arrived at the diner and tried to sit down.

But everyone screamed , and left their plates hot.

Even the cooks ran away without their prized pots.

So Frank could have nothing to quell his belly's rumble,

not a burger, or fries, or even Apple Pie Crumble.

He was almost in tears, and very, very sad,

and walked into the streets where everyone went mad,

and screamed in horror at Frank's sight.

No one had seen such a thing in their life.

Frank tried to explain, "I'm just hungry, that's all.

I mean you no harm, even though I am tall."

A little girl saw him where she sat on the corner,

and thought, he's not so scary, infact he might be an orphan.

So she walked up to Frank and tugged at his sleeve,

and said, "My name is Cinthia, Cindy if you please."

He said, "I'm just a little hungry, and don't know where I am."

"That's O.K.," Cindy answered, and pulled out some ham--

ham for a sandwich she was waiting to make,

and she pulled out two slices of bread freshly baked.

They sat on the corner to a half sandwich each,

both happy, and smiling as a sunny day peach.


I 'M MAKING A WITICHES BREW,

SLINGING THE ANIMALS FROM THE ZOO,

A LITTLE GIRL YELLS, A COWS BELL,

IT'S SO GOOD PLEASE DON'T TELL.

A CATS CLAW THAT TASTES LIKE WAR,

A CLINCH OF HAIR FROM THE TIDY LAW,

A BUTTON FROM THE WIZARDS CLOAK,

A COUPLE OF MUSCLES FROM THE WOMENS BLOKE,

NOW ALL THESE MIXED TOGETHER,

IT'LL SOON TASTE LIKE SHINY LEATHER.

ALL I NEED TO MAKE IT MORE,

SLING IN AN OLD APPLE CORE.

AND NOW IT'S DONE, IT WEIGHS A TON.

NOW OFF I GO WITH MY WITCHES BREW,

DOWN THE STREET I'M COMING THROUGH,

I'M GOING BY, THE BABIES CRY,

I AM LOOKING AROUND TOO FIND THE WIZARD,

TOO TURN HIM INTO A LONG GREEN LIZARD!!!! 


On Halloween all that beams is a little yellow light.

I go to school and on my way I see all gost and ghouls

I wonder why these things are out and all are running about.

It's not time for the trick or treaters to come, I wonder where their from?

But when I looked all around the things that I saw were just heading to the 

school's ball.

My my my oh what a scare. I wonder if all my friends will be there?




Green eyes with their mysterious stare, 

This black cat is sure to scare 


Halloween halloween, its my favorite time of year

Halloween haloween CAN'T WAIT TILL IT GETS HERE 

HALLOWEEN HALLOWEEN IS SO FUN



HALLOWEEN HALLOWEEN IS NEVER DONE. HAPPY HALLOWEEN



On halloween night when children take fright, 

a witch flys across the moon. 

I count my candy, say a pryer and hope i'll get home soon. 

My mothers calling and i'm hollering be right there. 

i get to my house open the door and tell children to BEWARE!!!!!!! 



On Halloween all the monsters in sight are having a party tonight.

Frankenstein and the misses will send you hugs and kisses.

The party never ends, cause this is in your dreams.

But if Halloween could have such a sight, would you still love Halloween 

night? 


Here's a wide-eyed owl,

With a pointed nose

And claws for toes.

He lives high in a tree.

When he looks at you,

He flaps his wings

And says, "Whoo-whoo-whoo". 


The farmer made a scarecrow

And stuffed it full of straw.

He put it in the cornfield,

but the crows laughed,

"Haw-caw-caw."

One crow sat upon Scarecrow's hat.

He was not scared at all.

That scarecrow did not scare

A single crow away all fall!


Lantern burning light

Still the moon keeps shining bright

Darkness comes to make it night

Children given a fright



Witches fly across the sky

On a broomstick up, up high

Black cat flying with the witch

Wizard's Wand beginning to twitch



'Trick or Treaters' playing tricks

On those who didn't give them sweets

Everyone is very scared

The pumpkin has an evil glare



Evil spirits fill the streets with bones

The skeletons are in town!

Ghosts keep the children awake

......Bats fly back to their cave.

Tonight is the night, 
to have a great fright, 
Don't be surprised nor scared, 
just be prepared, 

For tonight is Halloween!

Oh no, not again, the time is near, 
It always happens at this time of year. 
The hissing of unlucky balck cat, 
And ovrhead all the screeching bats. 
When gone completely is the sun,  
The vampires come out to have some fun. 
Witches stir their cauldrons or grab onto a broom, 
Casting spells and cackling as they fly across 
 the moon. 
Skeletons dance around shaking all their bones, 
Playing many stange toons on all their xylophones. 
Ghosts and goblins join the fun too, 
Running about and shouting out BOO! 
Jack-o-lanturns smailing and burning bright, 
Don't worry it's just another Halloween Night. 

Bats are sleeping 
Bats are sleeping 
Upside down 
Upside down 
Waiting for night to come 
Waiting for night to come 
Then they fly around 
Then they fly around


Five batty bats  
Were hanging beneath the moon. 

"Quiet!" said the first. 
"The witch is coming soon." 

"She's green," said the second, 
"With a purple pointy nose." 

"Black boots," said the third, 
"Cover up her ugly toes." 


Three little ghosts on Halloween night 
Saw a witch and freaked in fright 
The witch just laughed and shouted, "Boo!" 
One ghost ran home and then there were two. 
Two little ghosts who shiver and shook 
With every single step they took. 
When the door opened wide 
A goblin said to the other... 
I'm going home and stay with my mother. 
One little ghost can't have much fun, 
so he ran home, and then there were none. 



One little, two little, three little witches 
Fly over haystacks and fly over ditches 
Fly over moonbeams without any hitches 
Hey, it's Halloween night. 
One little, two little, three little witches 
Fly over barb wire and tore their britches 
Had to go home and get some stitches 
Hey, it's Halloween night. 


Mr. Pumpkin, 
Mr. Pumpkin, 
Round and fat, 
Round and fat. 
Harvest time is coming, 
Harvest time is coming. 
Yum, yum, yum. 
That is that! 


Pumpkin, Pumpkin 

Pumpkin, Pumpkin, 
Sitting on the wall. 
Pumpkin, Pumpkin, 
Tip and fall. 
Pumpkin, Pumpkin, 
Rolling down the street. 
Pumpkin, Pumpkin, 
Good to eat! 


Have you ever seen  
a pumpkin, a pumpkin, a pumpkin, 
Have you ever seen 
a pumpkin that grows on a vine? 
A round one, a tall one, 
a bumpy one, a squashed one. 
Have you ever seen a pumpkin 
that grows on a vine? 



One little, 
Two little, 
Three little pumpkins, 
Four little, 
Five little, 
Six little pumpkins, 
Seven little, 
Eight Little, 
Nine little pumpkins, 
Ten little pumpkins in the 
Pumpkin Patch! 


The pumpkins are here; 
The pumpkins are there. 
The pumpkins, the pumpkins 
are everywhere. 

The pumpkins are up; 
the pumpkins are down. 
The pumpkins, the pumpkins 
are all around. 

The pumpkins are in; 
the pumpkins are out. 
The pumpkins, the pumpkins 
are all about. 

The pumpkins are low; 
the pumpkins are high. 
The pumpkins, the pumpkins 
all say,"Goodbye!" 


Where is Pumpkin? 
Where is Pumpkin? 
Here it is! 
Here it is! 
This one has a happy face, 
This one has a scary face! 
Roll away! 
Roll away! 


Halloween, Halloween, 
Oh what funny things I've seen...
Witches Hats, 
Coal Black Cats, 
Broom Stick Riders, 
Mice and Bats!



	What do you call a lot of phantoms?A fraid of ghosts!There's a bridge near Hanover in Germany called 'Der Kopf der Braut', 
	which means bride's head.  A 15th century legend has it that Reichsgraf 
	von Kesselstatt and his bride Gretchen were approaching the bridge in their 
	horse and carriage when their way was blocked by an elderly crone.  The Reichsgraf or 'Count' ordered the old lady to get off the bridge 
		instantly and make way for their carriage.  But it was dark, and 
		the old lady had difficulty in herding her sheep off the bridge.Because the old witch was moving none to fast, Reichsgraf von 
		Kesselstatt took his whip and have her a sound thrashing.  
		Bleeding, and cowering in a ditch, the old witch put a curse on the 
		carriage.  Consequently when the bridal party eventually crossed 
		the bridge, one of the horses shied and the other reared up.  The 
		upshot was that Gretchen was thrown from the carriage into the river 
		below.It seems certain that she drowned as the river was in torrent and 
		Gretchen was never seen again. However, it is said by Hanoverian wicca 
		that at Halloween you can see a headless bride standing on rocks in the 
		middle of the river.  Some say she is looking for her lost head, 
		while other say she is looking for her beloved Reichsgraf von 
		Kesselstatt.When I was a boy, each year as the nights began to draw in, my uncle John 
	would tell we kids this Halloween story.  It was a tale about a trick 
  that he 
played in a graveyard.  One night Uncle John spotted his great friend Eddie 
	weaving his way home from the village pub.  As John watched, he saw 
	Eddie open the church's litch gate and take the shortcut through the graveyard.There was no doubt that Eddie was the worse for wear, and appeared disoriented, 
	really he should have taken the longer route home via the round ring.  
	But then he cried out to nobody in particular, 'Where am I?'John replied instantly, 'Amongst the living'.'Where are you?' cried Eddie'; to which John replied in his most sepulchral voice, 
	'Amongst the dead'. Eddie sobered up instantly, rushed back the way 
	he came, and took the long way around the churchyard.  This time he 
	preferring to go passed the round ring, rather than stay a minute longer 
	amongst the spirits of the gravestones. There was once a little girl who was very wilful and who never obeyed 
	when her elders spoke to her - so how could she be happy? 
	
One day she said to her parents, 'I have heard so much of the old witch 
	that I will go and see her. People say she is a wonderful old woman, and has 
	many marvellous things in her house, and I am very curious to see them.' But her parents forbade her going, saying, 'The witch is a wicked old 
	woman, who performs many godless deeds - and if you go near her, you are no 
	longer a child of ours.' The girl, however, would not turn back at her parents' command, but went 
	to the witch's house. When she arrived there the old woman asked her: 'Why are you so pale?' 'Ah,' she replied, trembling all over, 'I have frightened myself so with 
	what I have just seen.' 'And what did you see?' inquired the old witch. 'I saw a black man on your steps.' 'That was a collier,' replied she. 'Then I saw a gray man.' 'That was a sportsman,' said the old woman. 'After him I saw a blood-red man.' 'That was a butcher,' replied the old woman. 'But, oh, I was most terrified,' continued the girl, 'when I peeped 
	through your window, and saw not you, but a creature with a fiery head.' 'Then you have seen the witch in her proper dress,' said the old woman. 
	'For you I have long waited, and now you shall give me light.' So saying the witch changed the little girl into a block of wood, and 
	then threw it on the fire. When it was fully alight, she sat down on the 
	hearth and warmed herself, saying: 'How good I feel! The fire has not burned like this for a long time!'There was a murder in Texas at Halloween, and the FBI were called in to 
	investigate. Hitchcock, one of the officers, saw something written in blood 
	on the wall. It looked like the number '7734', but he was not sure; anyway, 
	he took lots of pictures. When Hitchcock got back to the lab he developed the film of the crime 
	scene, but he still could not make any progress with the number. In the hope 
	of inspiration, he took the sheaf of photographs home and spread them on the 
	dining room table. Just at that moment his 7 year old daughter Emma came in 
	through the patio door opposite, and looked down at the photographs.'Why have you photographed hell?', she asked, then Hitchcock saw that 
	when held upside down, 7734 spelt: 'hELL'.An intern was sent to collect a new skeleton from the central store.  
	When he arrived at the consultant surgeon's office there was already a queue 
	of patients waiting.  As the intern wrestled the skeleton through the 
	outside door he became aware of people gazing at him enquiringly. He gave them a smile and said, 'I am bringing him to the doctor.'
	An old lady said sympathetically, 'My dear! Isn't he a bit late for the 
	doctor?'Time for a break from Halloween stories, let us have a few laughs:...There was once a pumpkin who lived on a farm with a very kind 
	farmer...and a lot of other pumpkins. The farmer was a good man who loved his pumpkins very much, and he always 
	spoke kindly to them. He took good care of them and taught them all how to 
	be good.
	
In the morning, he sang a sweet song to his pumpkins, and after lunch, he 
	told them to sit very still and soak up the sunshine. Then, as it began to 
	get dark each evening, this farmer came to his pumpkins and told them to 
	drink up the water from the ground through their roots--very slowly. (It's 
	kind of like drinking through a straw when pumpkins drink water through 
	their roots.) Then, when it was time to go to bed, he came again and told 
	them all to go to sleep and get plenty of rest so that they could grow up 
	big and strong. There was one pumpkin that did everything he asked. When it was time to 
	sit quietly and soak up the sun, she did it. When it was time to drink up 
	the water, she sucked it up nice and slow, just as he showed her. And when 
	it was dark and the farmer said, 'Sleep, little ones...' our pumpkin would 
	smile and let her body relax, and soon she would be fast asleep. It was a nice life, and the pumpkin was happy because the farmer loved 
	her. She was really glad when he told her that she was special and pretty. 
	She wanted to make the farmer proud. And when they were all little, the 
	pumpkins were very good and loved each other. It was perfect! But the pumpkins began to grow, and as they did, they all changed. Each 
	one got stronger, fatter, and could do more things. Everyone except our 
	sweet little pumpkin. Instead of growing bigger, she stayed small, and when 
	all of the other pumpkins began staying up late or would not to soak up the 
	sun or drink their water, our little green pumpkin kept being good. She 
	obeyed the farmer even when everyone else didn't, but soon, the other 
	pumpkins began to make fun of her. 'Ooh, there's the good little baby! She never does anything wrong...she's 
	so GOOOOOD!' When the farmer said it, all of that sounded nice. But now, 
	they were saying it to her in a new way--in a mean way. She didn't feel 
	proud when THEY said it...she felt embarrassed and sad. Why did they have to 
	pick on her? For the next few days, life was hard for our little pumpkin. All of the 
	other pumpkins laughed at her when she sat very still and quiet, soaking up 
	the sun. They all wanted to talk and laugh and say mean things about 
	her--none of them sat still. And when it was time to drink water, she kept 
	drinking nice and slow, while they gulped it down so that they could go back 
	and play. After a while, the pumpkins began to grow up. Every day, the farmer came 
	and said, 'We're going to have delicious pies this year--yes, indeed, they 
	will be lovely.' All of the pumpkins were proud of that. They each wanted to 
	be eaten and enjoyed by the farmer. But everyone knew that there was 
	something better. All of the pumpkins had heard the story of the seed pumpkin. Each year, 
	the farmer chose a very special pumpkin that he didn't cook. That pumpkin 
	was always the biggest and most beautiful pumpkin of them all. The farmer 
	would choose the best pumpkin, take out all of the seeds, and plant them for 
	next year. Her mom had been the seed pumpkin last year. This year, her 
	biggest dream was to be chosen. Deep down, she knew she wouldn't be chosen. After all she had tried to be 
	good, and even after working so hard and doing everything right, she was 
	still the smallest pumpkin. She was also the only one left who was green. 
	All of the other pumpkins had turned orange by now. She was sad about 
	that--she still looked like a baby! A few days later, the farmer came over to her and said, 'You remind me of 
	your mother. You'll surprise us all yet.' She didn't understand him, but she 
	knew that he loved her, and that made her happy. The little green pumpkin 
	smiled and decided that even if she never was special, she was glad that she 
	had been good, because the farmer was happy with her. She went to sleep that 
	night very glad, and all of the days until the big harvest party, she was 
	still happy. During this time, she started turning orange. It was a nice change, and 
	she liked her new color. Also, the other pumpkins stopped making fun of her. 
	In fact, they made friends and were very nice to her now. She was glad about 
	that, but she didn't stop being good, even when they asked her to play 
	during sun-soaking time. 'Nope, I have to do what the farmer says,' she 
	would answer. And they didn't laugh at her. She wondered why... The harvest party finally came, and the farmer was very busy in his 
	house. He didn't even come out to speak to them that morning, but they 
	weren't sad. This was the day that the seed pumpkin would be chosen. 'We all 
	know who that's going to be,' one of the pumpkins said, and everyone agreed. 
	'Who?' said our pumpkin. But no one would answer her; they just kept on 
	drinking. They were all trying to drink extra today so that they would be 
	sweet and juicy when they were made into pies. The farmer finally came out to them before the harvesters came. Smiling, 
	he cut our pumpkin's roots free and picked her up, saying, 'Your time has 
	come, my little Baby.' Smiling, the pumpkin felt very happy. She guessed 
	that he planned to make an early pie of her, and she was proud of being 
	chosen. Happily, she bounced against his chest as he carried her into the 
	house. The pumpkin looked around the house, thinking of her mother. 'She was in 
	here, when she was chosen as the seed pumpkin. I wish I could have been like 
	her.' Suddenly, she missed her mother, and she began to cry. 'Oh, Mom, I'm 
	sorry I didn't get to make you proud. I'm sorry that they didn't choose me 
	to be the seed pumpkin...' The farmer walked by a wall that had pictures of all his old seed 
	pumpkins. She saw her grandfather, her mother, and finally, it looked like 
	another picture of her mother again. But then, she realized it wasn't a 
	picture! It was a mirror! She looked just like her mother, the old seed 
	pumpkin, and she suddenly had an idea... The farmer took her into the kitchen and laid her on the counter. 
	Smiling, he said, 'You were chosen because you wanted to be good, and you 
	love to obey. I knew that you would grow bigger and brighter than the others 
	because you were the best one inside, and when a pumpkin is good inside, it 
	will someday turn pretty outside. Smiling, the pumpkin realized that being 
	good was hard, but it was worth it. And she was very, very, happy. When the other pumpkins saw the seeds, they all were sorry that they had 
	been bad. But it was too late for them. They had lost their chance to be the 
	seed pumpkin. But they could still be good, and they decided to be good 
	right then! Because of their changed hearts, they made yummy pies. And when 
	people remembered the party, they said, 'It was the best one we ever had!'
	THE END
	
	Once upon a time there was a young man who was engaged to marry a pretty 
	girl. After a while the bridegroom-to-be became suspicious of his fiancée 
	and her mother. You see, they were both witches. The day came when witches go the Brocken, and the two women climbed into 
	the hayloft, took a small glass, drank from it, and suddenly disappeared. 
	The bridegroom-to-be, who had sneaked after them and observed them, was 
	tempted to take a swallow from the glass. He picked it up and sipped a 
	little from it, and suddenly he was on the Brocken, where he saw how his 
	fiancée and her mother were carrying on with the witches, who were dancing 
	around the devil, who was standing in their midst. After the dance was ended, the devil commanded everyone to take her glass 
	and drink, and immediately afterward they all flew off in the four 
	directions of the wind. The bridegroom-to-be, however, stood there all soul 
	alone on the Brocken, and freezing, for it was a cold night. He hadn't 
	brought a glass with him, so he had to return on foot.
	After a long, difficult hike he finally came to his fiancée's. However, 
	she was very angry, and her mother scolded him as well, for having drunk 
	from the glass. Mother and daughter finally agreed to turn the 
	bridegroom-to-be into a donkey, and that is what happened. 
	The poor bridegroom-to-be was now a donkey, and he plodded unhappily from 
	one house to the next, crying a sad 'ee-ah, ee-ah.' A man felt sorry for the 
	donkey, took him into his stall, and gave him some hay. But understandably 
	the donkey did not want to eat, and was driven from the stall with blows.
	After wandering about for a long time, long-ears finally came back to the 
	house of his fiancée, the witch, and he cried out pitifully. The fiancée saw 
	her former bridegroom-to-be, standing there before her door as a donkey with 
	bowed head and ears hanging down. She regretted what she had done and said to the donkey, 'I will help you, 
	but you must do what I tell you. At a child's baptism, place yourself before 
	the church door and let the baptismal water be poured over your back, and 
	then you will be transformed back into a human.' The donkey followed his fiancée's advice. The next Sunday, a child was 
	baptized, and the donkey placed himself before the church door. When the 
	baptismal service was over, the sexton wanted to pour out the baptismal 
	water, but the donkey was standing in his way. 'Go on, you old donkey!' said the sexton, but the donkey did not yield. 
	Then the sexton became angry and poured the water over the animal's back.
	Now the donkey was redeemed and was transformed back into a man. He 
	hurried to his fiancée, married her, and lived happily with her from that 
	time forth. Huddled together in their hut of stone and sod, Elder Ongham hugged his 
	children closer as the spirits of the dead raged outside. For it was the festival of Samhain, the first full moon after the 
	harvest. On this night the dead rose up from their graves and communed with 
	the living, gently knocking on doors to have a quiet word with their kin. 
	Candles burned in windows and hollowed out gourds so the waking spirits 
	might find their way home through the mist, and warm their souls by the 
	hearth awhile. It was a homecoming of sorts, and most welcome to families in 
	mourning for loved ones. But there was also a spirit in town who was not so welcome, said to be 
	none other than Finart, the only son of Dis Pater; Lord of the Underworld. 
	It was told that Finart, a warrior in his prime, met his bloody end in the 
	fields nearby a hundred years before in a great battle. To punish his 
	killers, Dis demanded a human sacrifice for his son each year on the night 
	of Samhain or he would unleash all the dark souls in his keeping on the 
	land. 
	And so each year the folk in the area drew lots, and this Samhain it was the 
	Ongham's youngest daughter Brigan who was picked by Druid Mera. Just six 
	years old, she was to be tied to a stake outside their home with an offering 
	of wine at her feet, and left there for Finart's hungry ghost to devour. But in the end Elder could not bear it, and as the sun dipped below the 
	horizon he cut his daughter's bonds and carried her inside. "It weren't fair," he argued with his terror-stricken wife, "that she 
	should be picked. The Onghams and my kin have given seven souls to the beast 
	in 20 years, while the Corans, Morannons and Fensters have given naught. And 
	small wonder, for it is they that rule the town and their Druid who picks 
	the names! Why, none of the families of wealth ever seem to give their sons 
	and daughters, and when a name of a rich family is picked it's always an old 
	relative not long for this world anyway." Elder began to reconsider his decision a short while later when the 
	spirit of Finart passed his home and saw the empty stake. The ghost raged 
	against the small home with wind and rain, plainly trying to blow it over so 
	that he might have his feast and bones to chew on all the long winter. For a 
	spirit - even the son of a god - could not suffer to pass the doors of the 
	living unless invited inside, but a broken home offered no protection. Elder knew his house was strong and built of heavy stones, but as Finart 
	howled outside and mortar dust filled the room he knew a moment of doubt. 
	Finart would depart when the sun came up, but that was hours away and he was 
	stronger than piles of stone. Ongham also knew that he had the power to 
	summon Dis, and that there would be no denying the Lord of the Dead if he 
	joined the assault. He wondered if he gave his daughter up now if the ghost would be sated, 
	or whether it would take more of his children to quell the demi-god's 
	rage... "I've got an idea," said his wife suddenly. "When the god comes, and 
	surely he must, he will be seeking mortals to devour." "Aye," said Elder, as if it were obvious. "That's the way it's done." "But what," his wife suggested, "if they found no mortals within these 
	walls, just more spirits such as they?" "Are ye suggesting we kill ourselves now and save the bloody ghost the 
	effort?" he demanded. Elder had already planned to fight, though little good 
	it would do. "I'm saying, husband, that we make ourselves up to be spirits, and walk 
	right past them. Tell them the Onghams have died in the plague." "And how, my Morgana, do you propose we fool them?" asked Elder, 
	intrigued. She looked around the room desperately, focusing on odds and ends. "Like so!" she said, and rose from the patch of floor where they were 
	huddled. She took down a pair of antlers from the wall and fixed it to 
	Elder's head with a bit of string. She reached into their sack of fine 
	ground wheat and began tossing clumps into their faces so they were as pale 
	as the dead. She grabbed lengths of sack cloths and linens, and they wrapped 
	themselves like the dead were arrayed before a burial. She cut the head from 
	a poor chicken that cowered clucking in the corner, and dabbed their faces 
	with blood. "Now," she said, "we look like proper spirits." "You're a miracle worker," said Elder, astonished by their 
	transformation. The antlers were heavy and uncomfortable, but he felt this 
	might work. Just then the howling outside stopped. Finart was now chanting, his harsh 
	voice invoking a spell to summon his father. "Well," said Elder. "It's now or naught, I gather." He clapped his hands 
	together. "So-who wants to go first?" His family stared at him in disbelief. "Jes' joking," he said. "Pulling yer legs. Trying to lighten the mood 
	somewhat. Remember you lot, we're either evil spirits or we're dinner for a 
	god and his bastard son." Elder pushed open the door with a creak. The mist surrounded his house, 
	glowing blue beneath the moon that rose over the moor. He started moaning, like he'd seen the spirits of the dead do at many a 
	Samhain, and walked slowly from his house with his family in tow. "Whooooooo," he said. "Arrrrrggghh," groaned his wife. "Moooooooan," moaned his children. "Who goes there?" asked a sharp and rusty voice from the gloom And just 
	then the mist parted enough for the Onghams to see a mighty wight, clad in 
	armour and animal skins. Finart was eyeless and his earthen face creeped 
	with worms and bugs. Behind him they could see two legs, the knees as high 
	as Finart's foul head, the body hidden in the mist. "Just us spirits, roaming the earth on the Festival of Samhain," said 
	Elder, matter-of-factly. "You wish to make something of it sir?" "Peace, spirit," said Finart. "I have come for my sacrifice." "What?" said Elder. "Here? I'm afraid you're a month past it, ghost. 
	You're behind the times. The plague took every last one of the poor 
	bastards." "Plague?" asked Finart suspiciously. "Then why have the people of the 
	town placed the sacrificial post outside? Why can I smell the blood of the 
	living?" "I think there's a few chickens left in there," said Elder helpfully. 
	"Though I know not what the post is for." He lowered his voice. "Though, my 
	lords, I do suspect treachery!" "Treachery!" boomed a voice, and Elder quailed for a moment when he 
	realized that the god had spoken. "Aye, treachery most foul," Elder repeated. "You didn't hear it from me, 
	but I think you should pay a call on the rotten Corans, three houses down. 
	Then the dirty Morannons, who live in that grand stone house at the end of 
	the lane. Just past them in the country, in a fine manor lit up for Samhain, 
	ye'll find the wretched Fensters." Finart regarded him for a moment through his empty eye sockets. "What say you father... shall we visit these folk?" "Hmmm," boomed the voice. "I think we shall, my son. For spirits have 
	naught to fear and so they never lie. This horned spirit tells the truth. 
	And I am hungry!" "Yea, well tuck in," said Elder. "Eat the lot and more power to you. As 
	for us, we'll be going on our way. See you again next year." "And a happy Samhain to you," said Finart, and the two marched away. The Onghams let out a collective sigh of release. "Cor! I thought we was done for!" said Elder, kissing his wife and 
	gathering Brigan in his arms. "I think we should do this every year, daddy," said Brigan, giving him a 
	hug "Aye," agreed Elder. "We'll go door to door dressed like this, and see 
	what we can rustle up in the way of offerings - and haunt the ones that 
	wronged us! And we'll fear the dead no more." "Who's for roast chicken?" asked Morgana, and they all filed back into 
	their stone house for a late supper. Three houses down they heard stones shattering and the screams of the 
	Corans rent the night. But if you closed your eyes and chewed, you could 
	pretend it was just the wind.  